[indistinct voices]
Dave: Three minutes to VTR.
Kim: Two minutes live.
Stand by 1, 2, 2A and 5.
Loading F/X-5.
Preview Denver.
Let me talk to Katie
in South Bend.
-- Sound two's standing.
-- Denver's up.
You've got Katie.
-- Jeremy...
-- Yeah?
Do you have a shot sheet
for Phoenix?
Should be in there.
-- It's not.
-- Hang on.
90 seconds to VTR.
-- I don't have a shot sheet.
-- Hang on.
Natalie: Jeremy...
Could not see the Phoenix game,
could not tell you about it
-- without I have a shot sheet.
Natalie." Jeremy's on it.
Corbin!
Who's seen Corbin Davis?
Nobody.
Who's seen the Phoenix game?
Thank you for your help.
It's not like I couldn't do it
without the shot sheet.
-- Please don't start. Casey... --
I have video right in front of me.
-- It'd be the same as calling
play-by-play. -- Dude.
-- I could do it.
-- No, you can't.
-- I got nervous that time.
-- Yes, you did.
60 seconds to VTR.
Kim: Two minutes live.
Two sacks,
my little brother got tonight.
-- Where's Philly?
-- Sacked the quarterback
on "Monday Night Football"
not once, but twice.
Chris: Philly's up.
-- That's Whitaker blood.
-- Good blood. -- Excellent blood
-- made grown offensive linemen
cry like they were
little girls.
Can I see Tampa and Minneapolis?
Elliot...
-- Stand there. I'm gonna sack you.
-- What?
I just want to show you
how he does it.
-- Natalie... -- Dana, you
can sack Elliot later.
-- Tampa's up.
-- 30 seconds to VTR.
[Heavy-metal music plays]
-- Where's the shot sheet on Phoenix?
-- Hey, Jeremy.
-- Where's the shot sheet? VVhere is it?
-- Chill, Jeremy. Phoenix?
-- Yeah.
-- H-Hockey?
[Music turns off] Guys, we
watch sports around here.
[Door hinges creak]
-- Roll VTR.
Kim: 60 seconds live.
I look right down there
at my highlight,
call it, no shot sheet --
like the days of old,
my friend,
-- like the men of yore.
-- You can't do it.
-- Why not? -- No other
reason than because it's you.
-- What of the days of old and the
men of yore? -- I miss them, too.
We can slide Phoenix
back to the 50s,
I can superspeed the game tape through
and get it to you in the 4 block.
Are you telling me it's not that
we can't find the shot sheet,
it's that nobody did
the shot sheet?
-- Slide it back to 50.
-- Tell Dana.
-- Yeah, I'm looking forward to that.
-- Shot sheets are for wimps.
Fix your tie.
Dana?
Hang on.
Casey, what do you know
about Ohio?
Nothing.
What's going on?
Something about
football and drugs.
That's pretty unusual.
Come in early tomorrow
and work the phones.
Absolutely,
'cause you know why?
'Cause there's nothing
like a good story about
professional athletes and illegal
drugs to really capture my attention.
-- Just do it, Casey. -- Couldn't we just
use an old story and fill in the names?
-- Casey...
-- Or would that be unethical?
Jeremy: Dana?
-- Yes, sir? -- I need to slide
Phoenix down to the 50s.
Stand there.
I'm gonna sack you.
Okay, I need just another
moment of your time.
Then you can go back
to being crazy.
What's going on?
-- I'm not crazy. -- I'm gonna
put together a shot sheet.
-- Jeremy?
-- Just say yes, Natalie.
-- You're firing him tomorrow. --
Can we talk about it tomorrow?
We can talk about it tomorrow, you
can plead your case tomorrow.
I will tell you for the 100th
time why you're wrong tomorrow,
and then you will fire him
tomorrow.
I can't tell you how much I'm
looking forward to tomorrow.
-- My brother got two sacks tonight.
-- I saw.
-- Tackled the quarterback... twice.
-- I know what the word "sack" means.
-- He did it two times. -- And I
know what the word “twice“ means.
-- He has excellent blood.
-- Whatever.
Casey, you got we're
sliding Phoenix to 50?
I can call it blind.
All: No!
No appreciation for
the days of yore.
Dave." In 3...2...
Good evening.
From New York City,
I'm Dan Rydell
alongside Casey McCall.
Those stories, plus...
Dana: Let me sack you.
Natalie: No.
My brother can beat up
your brother.
My brother's a grad student
in comparative literature.
My mother could beat up
my brother.
-- Hey.
-- What do you have?
Jack Coughlin's wife was
brought in for questioning
two days ago
when a pharmacy alerted
local authorities
in Columbus, Ohio,
to an unusually large number of
prescriptions being written in her name
for a drug called phentermine
-- anybody know what it is?
-- The “Phen“ in Fen-Phen -- That's right.
It's a diet pill.
Is Mrs. Coughlin overweight?
-- 5%“, 114 pounds.
-- Makes me crazy.
Coughlin rolled over on the
internist who's writing the scrips.
And he turned in the players
she was getting them for.
Yeah, he was
a tough nut to crack.
The thing is, turns out
it's not just diet pills.
It's Pednasone.
Oh, man.
-- What's Pednasone?
-- Jeremy?
It's been around
about a year and a half,
the trade name is Pednasone-50,
and it's andracycline,
and it's one of the world's most
powerful oral anabolic steroids.
I have an off-the-record source backed
up by a second off-the-record source
that says seven starters
from one team
are about to get suspended
from football
for the rest of the season,
including the playoffs.
-- Can we have it by tonight? --
I'm on the next plane to Ohio.
-- Get a fill-in for Casey tonight.
-- Get Tina.
-- Why Tina?
-- Why not Tina?
-- She's a woman.
-- I like women.
-- No kidding.
-- Tina's fine.
I'm outta here.
-- Have a good flight.
-- Thanks.
By the way, last night --
-- Yeah? -- could have
called that highlight blind.
All: Go.
I'm just saying.
Dana: Anything else?
All: No.
Natalie:
Back in two hours.
-- Oh, Jerome!
-- Why do you call me that?
Because it's your
little-boy name --
little boy too scared
to fire one of his people.
-- Oh, you think I'm scared --
-- Scared chicken.
-- Natalie... -- How many times
does he have to screw up
before you'll
show him the door?
-- It's a hard job. -- Then let's
get somebody who can do it.
-- This isn't a regular situation.
-- Yes, it is.
-- He's related --
-- I know who he is.
-- Natalie -- -- I know who he is, and
I'm telling you, he's not up to the job,
on top of which,
he has a bad attitude.
-- Now go show him the door. -- You've
taken to bossing me around a lot.
-- You know that?
-- Yes. You know why?
-- 'Cause you're my boss?
-- Bull's-eye, Jerome.
-- Have a nice day.
-- I almost always do.
[Exhales deeply]
Dan.
Yeah?
I'm kind of feeling
like these sessions
are a waste
of your time and money.
That's being a little hard on
yourself, don't you think?
No, I'm being
a little hard on you, Dan.
VVell, I don't feel like
my time is being wasted.
Okay.
Though you do charge
an awful lot of money.
-- Yes, I do.
-- I pay you $700 a month.
-- Yes, I know.
-- For 700 bucks a month,
I should get the shrink,
two rooms, and a bath.
[Laughs]
[Chuckles]
[Clears throat]
Is it important to you
that you get
every attractive woman
you meet to like you?
Mnh-mnh.
It's important that
I get the unattractive
ones to like me, too.
Why?
-- Why?
-- Yes.
-- Why do I want people to like me?
Don't you want people
to like you?
Sure.
So?
So I'm a likable person,
and I assume people are gonna
like me, and many of them do.
What about the ones who don't?
-- I don't really think too
much about that. -- Why not?
'Cause many of them do.
-- I think it's easy for
you to say that. -- Why?
-- Why?
-- Yes.
Because you look
the way you do.
You think if you were
better-looking,
you wouldn't have to work so
hard getting women to like you?
-- No. -- You think
you're good-looking?
-- Can we talk about something else?
-- We only have a few minutes left.
Let's try and get
some work done.
Do you think
you're good-looking?
-- I think I'm all right.
-- Of course you do.
You can't get over how
good-looking you are. So...
this thing must come
from someplace
inside of you,
something so fundamentally bad
that you feel it must
either be overcome
or covered up,
lest the entire world
run away from you,
not unlike two other
people you know.
Have you noticed how you
always come back to my parents
at the end of each session?
Well, the session's over.
What was the point of this?
In the long run,
to relieve you of the pressure
of getting people to like you.
In the short run,
to tell you this --
-- What? -- Stop trying
to get me to like you.
-- I haven't been --
-- You've been flirting with me.
And I want you to
take this seriously.
I do take this seriously.
Okay.
I wasn't flirting.
I'm a charming guy, Abby.
It's not something
I can control.
Tell me about it.
You know what I think?
Next week.
I think we could end this
whole thing right now.
-- If I just did what?
-- Told me that you liked me.
-- I know. -- I'd be cured
right away, nextcase.
Not gonna happen.
[Sighs deeply] I remind
you that it is my money.
And I want you
to bear in mind
that you're the patient,
I'm the doctor,
and you're in pain.
I have no trouble
remembering that last part.
I'll see you next week.
Watch me
on television tonight.
Why?
You'll like me.
-- See ya.
-- That was a joke.
-- You know what?
-- What?
It wasn't.
[Door closes]
[indistinct voices]
-- Kim...
-- Yeah?
I kind of wanted
to put you on alert.
What do you mean?
You know how ordinarily I flirt
with you during the show?
Yeah.
-- I won't be doing that.
-- Okay.
-- It's not that I don't like you.
Even more important, it's not
that I don't want you to like me.
I do like you.
All right.
Well...
keep ii UP-
Okay.
-- Alyson...
-- Yeah?
I won't be flirting
with you tonight.
You shouldn't be alarmed. It's
just something that I'm trying.
It's gonna be hard,
but I think it's important.
Okay.
So here I go.
Kim: Five minutes to air.
First team
to the studio, please.
Five minutes.
He just got off the plane. He's
on his way in from La Guardia.
I'm saying, why doesn't
he have the names?
They're gonna be faxed
to him when he gets here.
-- Tina's all set?
-- She's in hair.
Let's see if we can get this
thing on the air tonight.
We will.
-- Oh, Jocelyn.
-- Please stop that.
-- I'm assuming you fired him.
-- You know what?
-- What? -- He's J.J.'s cousin,
so why don't we give him --
-- Jeremy, I know he's J.J.'s cousin.
-- And?
-- I could honestly give a damn. --
Is it necessary to go out of your way
-- to pick fights with the network?
-- No.
Is it necessary to go out of
your way to kiss their ass?
That's not what I'm doing.
-- Jeremy...
-- No, I mean it.
This is their network, Natalie.
We have to work
with these people.
And the special delight
that you and Dana take in --
-- You don't know what you're talking
about. -- I do know what I'm talking about.
They keep us on the air when
our ratings don't support it,
and their paychecks
don't bounce.
I consider neither of those to be
magnanimous gestures worthy --
-- I didn't -- -- worthy
of keeping somebody on
who very nearly cost us
the show last night.
Cost us the show?
It was a hockey game.
He screwed up.
It wasn't the first time.
His attitude sucks, and I don't
care if his cousin's Thomas Edison.
Get him outta here.
-- I'll do it during the first C-break.
-- Thank you.
Dana, stop sacking Dave.
See, you keep your center of
gravity low and your feet moving.
Dana...
-- Can I sit down?
-- [ Panting ] Okay.
10 seconds live.
Stand by 5.
Loading 5, F/X 1, 2, and 2A.
What? I'm gonna do it
in the commercial.
Dave." In 3...2...
Good evening.
From New York City,
I'm Dan Rydell
alongside Tina Lake
Sitting in for Casey McCall.
Those stories, plus
"Hello, Dolly!"
As the Heisman race
heats up...
And "Goodbye, Columbus"
as the Buckeyes
take a beating.
All that coming up after this.
You're experiencing “Sports
Night“ on CSC, so stick around.
Dave." We're out.
2:20 back.
[Telephone ringing]
[Sighs]
That was nice.
-- "Experiencing"?
-- Yeah.
You didn't mind
that I changed it?
No.
I'm just trying
to plant my flag.
Listen...
Yeah.
I'm not gonna
flirt with you tonight.
-- Really?
-- Yeah.
Okay.
-- Ordinarily, I'd flirt with you.
-- I like it.
I appreciate that, but tonight
it's not gonna happen that much,
and I didn't want you
to get the wrong idea.
That you don't like me?
Not so much that
as that I don't
want you to like me.
-- I do like you.
-- I appreciate it.
L-| like you, too.
Are you okay?
Not even close.
[indistinct shouting on TV]
-- Corbin...
-- Hey.
-- You got a second?
-- Yeah.
[Clears throat]
Listen, here's the thing.
You've been falling down
on the job.
Everybody screws up
a little at first,
but I get the feeling you
don't even want this job.
I don't.
Why are you here?
Um, it puts pizza money in my
pocket till I get out of school.
Well, that notwithstanding,
I'm supposed to fire you
right now, but I'm not.
Thanks.
I want you to
try harder, though.
I'll smooth things over
with Natalie.
Hey, I'm on the team.
Good.
And I don't take sides.
What do you mean?
L-| mean when J.J. says
stuff about you guys,
I don't, you know,
I don't come back with stuff.
What kind of stuff?
Uh, the usual stuff.
L-| don't know what that is.
Don't worry about it.
Okay.
-- Take it easy.
-- You'll work harder?
Hey, I blew the thing
last night, all right?
Enough is enough.
All right.
Tina: ...pass from
teammate John Picasso
and splits the defenders,
leaving goalie...
-- Hey, I'm back. -- When are
you gonna get the names?
Uh, any minute. I'm gonna go stake
out the fax machine right now.
Whoa, whoa!
Give 'em up!
They only gave you one?
Thank you.
Honey roasted peanuts.
-- You can buy 'em in the store, you know.
-- This is better.
-- Hi.
-- Did you do it?
Do you have a second?
Do I have a second?
Yes.
Don't eat the peanuts.
Stand by 22.
[Clears throat]
Did you do it?
-- Did I fire him? Yes.
-- Yes.
-- I did it.
-- Good. Yes.
But not really.
Put a pair of tights
and a party dress on you,
you're one pretty little girl.
As a matter of fact,
you're wrong.
I happen to be
the only person here who
isn't acting emotionally.
I'm the one who's
saying, "Yes,
"they're bullies, and
we've never gotten along.
"And the lines were drawn
long before I got here.
"But for the sake of
self-preservation,
why not try to make it work?"
I'm throwing them one.
I'm saying, let's let this
one thing not be a hassle.
[Sighs]
What did he say
when you talked to him?
-- He said he'd try harder.
-- Did he?
-- Yes.
-- Really?
Those weren't his exact words.
-- What were his exact wor--
-- "Get off my back."
That's not me saying that.
I'm saying those were
his exact words.
He's your responsibility,
Jeremy. Do what you want.
He screws up again,
it's my responsibility.
Got it.
-- Jeremy?
-- Yep?
Being emotional about their
work never killed anybody.
-- My point was --
-- I know what your point was.
I'm loyal to Isaac, I'm loyal to
Dana, and I'm loyal to the show.
And I am, too.
Good.
Tina: And we'll be bringing
you all of the action
live from Watkins Glen
International Motor Speedway
this Saturday at 1:00,
10:00 Pacific.
Don't go away. Tina and I've
got lots more coming up,
including news
from the Indiana Pacers.
You're watching “Sports Night“
on CSC, so stick around.
Dave." We're out.
Kim: 2 minutes back.
It's going well.
Yeah.
You don't think
it's going well?
I do.
Really?
Yeah.
Danny --
I think it's going very well,
but rather than...
[Inhales deeply]
You know, banter
with you about it,
I'll just leave it at that.
Dan, it's -- it's not
like if you chat with me,
I'm gonna go home with you.
Why not?
-- What?
-- Never mind.
Dan, you're having
a bad night.
Yeah.
But could we just
chalk it up to that
and not, you know,
come to some
general conclusion about me
as a result of it?
I hardly ever understand
what you're saying.
I've gotten that before.
Try and keep it
together, huh?
Sure.
[ Exhales deeply]
She's doing well.
Yes.
What's wrong?
She thinks I'm crazy.
-- You are crazy.
-- You're not helping.
I wasn't trying to.
Abby thinks my flirting
is unhealthy.
Who's Abby?
-- My therapist. Are you
paying attention? -- No.
The thing is,
she may have a point.
Who?
Abby.
-- Danny...
-- Yeah?
-- You're not flirting with
me right now, right? -- No.
-- Good.
-- I'm saying that --
-- 'Cause that'd just be strange.
-- I know.
Not that I wouldn't
be flattered...
-- Sure.
-- but it'd still be weird.
-- I hear ya.
-- Though I'll say this --
you are a handsome
young man, Danny.
Will you stop it?
[Laughs]
What exactly is your problem?
I'd like to, you know,
get my reputation back
with Tina
as a fun and desirable person.
-- I bet that's gonna go well.
-- You think so?
Oh, yeah.
Hey-
Hey, Jeremy.
You know, our show's
actually on right now.
-- Uh, we just switched it for a second.
-- I stuck up for you. Everythfng's cool.
I just want to know you're
really gonna make an effort.
-- I will. -- I put myself
on the fine for you.
I'll tell that to J.J.
Tell whomever you want, but
do a better job around here.
Okay.
[indistinct shouting on TV]
What were the things he said?
-- Who?
-- J.J. -- about the show --
what were the things
he's been saying?
Stuff.
Does he talk badly
about Isaac or Dana?
Everyone, I guess.
Me?
-- Come on, man.
-- Never mind.
Just get back to work.
Oh, he says Natalie's
a nice piece of tail.
Everyone but Corbin, get out.
You're fired.
I'm firing you.
Tell J.J. I'm the one
who did it.
[Door opens]
[indistinct voices]
You know what'd
make this a lot easier?
What a lot easier?
For me being alive right now.
What?
If you'd just reassure me
that you had a good time
being here tonight.
I'm being paid to be here.
I know, but you're gonna tell your
friends that you liked it, right?
-- My friends?
-- The girls.
Which girls?
The girls in Danny's world
of fantasy and psychosis.
Dan...[ Laughs]
You -- you need to get
into therapy.
I'm in therapy.
You need more.
I'm not so sure
how much more I can take.
Dana: Dan?
-- Yeah.
Casey's getting the fax
right now.
The story's gonna be
up on the prompter.
Just fill in the names.
Is it exclusive?
The Ohio trip paid off.
[indistinct voices]
[Telephones ringing]
[Distant laughter]
Can I ask you something?
-- Is it creepy?
-- No.
Go ahead.
Don't you think my obsessive
need to get you to like me
has less to do with my parents
and more to do with the fact
that...you look good?
Or is that what
you meant by "creepy"?
Yeah.
I'm gonna stay over here.
Thanks.
You got it!
-- Yeah. Listen --
-- Here it is, Dan.
-- Dana, Dana...
-- Hang on, hang on.
Um, "Tommy Reed...
"Clifton White...
Zachary Armstrong" --
Dana?
Dana, that's only three.
I'm gonna call my parents.
Go ahead.
Dana?
It's her brother, Danny --
Kyle Whitaker.
"Kyle Whitaker,
Orlando Cortez,
Corey MacRane, Warren Green."
Hey, Mom, it's me.
[Chuckles nervously]
Listen, turn off
your television.
In 3...2...
Welcome back.
We've got breaking news.
Sources are reporting to CSC
that league officials
are questioning seven players
in connection with drug charges
which, if proven true,
could lead
to long-term suspensions
and possible
criminal proceedings.
The athletes
are listed as suspects
in an ongoing investigation
into distribution
of a controversial
anabolic steroid
called Pednasone-SO,
which is on the league list
of banned substances.
The players' union
today denied
any knowledge of
the inquiry, but added
that they were monitoring
the situation closely...
On the next "Sports Night"...
You know what? My brother just got
busted by the league for steroids.
It's not like you don't see this
in sports all the time.
I don't see it in my family
all the time.
-- I've looked at the tape.
-- You thought it was good?
-- I liked it.
-- You lied to her.
-- Who turned you on to this stuff?
-- It's not important.
What the hell kind of judge
are you of what's important?
My asking if you're edgy --
__ is it makhtl-gnes?
9y?
[Glass shatters]
That'll need to be fixed.